Every week developers release powerful
open-source GitHub projects that help
teams build faster and work smarter. In
this weekly update, we cover top
trending open-source GitHub projects
this week, so you can quickly discover
useful developer tools, AI workflows,
and productivity systems. Without
wasting time, let's get started.
>> Welcome back to Manu AGI tutorials.
Here, we explore the exciting world of
AI, latest AI tools for you, so don't
forget to hit that subscribe button and
the notification bell so you don't miss
out on the latest AI insights. So, let's
start today's video. Project number one,
Robo, multi-agent framework for
autonomous workflows. Robo is an
open-source framework for building
multi-agent AI workflows that coordinate
tasks across multiple specialized
agents. It provides a structured runtime
where agents communicate, share context,
and delegate subtasks while interacting
with tools and APIs. Developers run it
locally or in server environments to
build automation systems for research,
operations, and coding tasks. The
framework manages task routing, memory,
and execution flow across agents. This
helps teams build scalable collaborative
AI systems. Explore the repository to
create multi-agent workflows. Project
number two, Deep Tutor, AI tutoring
framework for personalized learning.
Deep Tutor is an open-source framework
designed to build AI-powered tutoring
systems that adapt to learner
interactions. It manages conversations,
tracks learning context, and structures
educational reasoning workflows so
responses stay aligned with the
student's level. Developers configure
models, prompts, and evaluation logic to
build subject-specific tutoring systems.
This helps researchers and developers
create personalized education tools.
Explore the repository to build AI
tutoring workflows. Project number
three, Open Data Loader PDF, structured
PDF extraction pipeline. Open Data
Loader PDF is an open-source tool that
extracts structured data from PDF
documents and converts it into formats
suitable for search, indexing, or AI
workflows. It processes text, layout,
and document structure to create
normalized outputs that fit into
downstream pipelines. Developers run it
locally and integrated into ingestion
systems for document-heavy applications.
This helps teams turn unstructured PDFs
into usable data. Explore the repository
to process document pipelines. Project
number four, Light RTLM, lightweight
runtime for on-device language models.
Light RTLM is an open-source runtime
from Google AI Edge, built for running
language models efficiently on edge and
mobile devices. It focuses on
low-latency local inference with
optimized execution for constrained
hardware environments. Developers
integrate it into apps running on
phones, embedded devices, or edge
systems where cloud inference is not
ideal. This helps teams deploy local AI
features closer to the user. Explore the
repository to run LLMs on device.
Project number five, Open Screen,
open-source screen sharing and streaming
tool. Open Screen is an open-source
application for screen sharing and
streaming workflows. It enables users to
capture and transmit screen content
across connected devices or sessions in
real time. Developers run it locally and
integrated into collaboration or remote
presentation workflows. The system
focuses on simple screen broadcasting
and viewing. This helps teams build
self-hosted screen sharing tools.
Explore the repository to share screens.
Project number six, Reverse SynthID,
research project analyzing SynthID
watermarking. Reverse SynthID is an
open-source research project that
studies and analyzes how SynthID
watermarking works in generated media.
It focuses on reverse engineering the
watermark detection and embedding logic
through experimental workflows and code
analysis. Developers and researchers use
it to better understand watermark
robustness and detection behavior. This
helps teams study provenance systems in
AI-generated content. Explore the
repository to analyze watermarking
methods. Project number seven, Dear
Flow, framework for orchestrating AI
pipelines. Dear Flow is an open-source
workflow framework for building
multi-stage AI pipelines. It lets
developers connect models, data
processing steps, and external tools
into structured execution flows with
managed state and dependencies. The
framework supports modular pipeline
design for reasoning, retrieval, and
transformation tasks. This helps teams
build scalable AI systems with clear
execution paths. Explore the repository
to create AI workflows. Project number
eight, Dangan Browser, browser
environment for AI agents. Agent Browser
is an open-source browser runtime from
Versa Labs designed for AI agents that
need to interact with websites. It
provides a controlled browser
environment where agents can navigate
pages, read DOM content, and perform
actions such as clicking or form
filling. Developers integrated into
agent workflows that require web
interaction and browsing tasks. This
helps teams build web-capable AI agents.
Explore the repository to enable
browser-based agents. Project number
nine, Caveman, minimal local-first
development tool. Caveman is an
open-source lightweight development tool
built around minimal local-first
workflows. It focuses on reducing setup
complexity and providing a fast
environment for local execution and
experimentation. Developers use it to
run simple automation or development
workflows without heavy infrastructure.
This helps streamline local tool usage
and experimentation. Explore the
repository to test minimal workflows.
Project number 10, Impeccable, web
quality and performance analysis tool.
Impeccable is an open-source tool for
checking website performance,
accessibility, and quality issues. It
analyzes pages, measures key web
signals, and reports structured feedback
on problems that affect user experience.
Developers use it in local workflows and
CI pipelines to validate front-end
quality. This helps teams improve site
reliability and performance. Explore the
repository to audit your site. Project
number 11, HTML in Canvas, web standard
proposal for rendering HTML in Canvas.
HTML in Canvas is an open-source
standards proposal from Wix G that
explores rendering HTML content inside
canvas environments. It focuses on
browser APIs and implementation ideas
that allow structured DOM-like content
to be displayed within canvas workflows.
Developers and browser engineers use it
to experiment with next-generation
rendering models. This helps advance web
platform capabilities. Explore the
repository to follow the proposal.
Project number 12, System Prompts Leaks,
archive of leaked AI system prompts.
System Prompts Leaks is an open-source
repository that collects publicly shared
system prompts and instruction templates
used in AI systems. It acts as a
reference archive for researchers and
developers studying prompt design and
agent behavior. The project organizes
prompts by tool or system for easier
inspection. This helps teams understand
prompt engineering patterns in
production systems. Explore the
repository to study system prompts.
Project number 13, Clicky, lightweight
analytics and click tracking tool.
Clicky is an open-source tool for
tracking click events and user
interactions on websites. It captures
clicks and event flows, then stores them
in a format suitable for analysis and
optimization. Developers integrate it
into front-end projects to understand
user behavior and improve UX decisions.
This helps teams monitor interaction
patterns. Explore the repository to
track user clicks. Project number 14,
Locker, secure local storage and secrets
manager. Locker is an open-source tool
for storing secrets, credentials, and
sensitive local data securely. It
provides a structured interface for
locking and retrieving protected values
inside development workflows. Developers
use it to manage tokens, keys, and
environment data locally without
exposing them in plain text. This helps
improve security in development
pipelines. Explore the repository to
secure your local secrets. Project
number 15, QMD, query and markdown
workflow toolkit. QMD is an open-source
toolkit that combines structured
querying with markdown-based workflows.
It helps developers generate, transform,
and organize content using query-driven
pipelines that output markdown
documents. This is useful for
documentation, reporting, and AI content
pipelines. This helps teams build
content-first workflows. Explore the
repository to automate markdown
generation. Project number 16, Parlor,
conversational interface framework.
Parlor is an open-source framework for
building conversational interfaces and
dialogue-driven systems. It provides
tools for managing turns, prompts, and
contextual responses in structured
conversation workflows. Developers
integrate it into assistant and chatbot
applications that need stateful
interactions. This helps teams build
cleaner dialogue systems. Explore the
repository to create conversation
workflows. Project number 17, Gemma
Gemma utility toolkit for Gemma model
workflows. Gemma Gemma is an open-source
utility project built around workflows
for Gemma language models. It includes
tools, helpers, and examples for running
prompts, evaluating outputs, and
integrating Gemma into local pipelines.
Developers use it to experiment with
model behavior and deployment workflows.
This helps simplify Gemma-based
development. Explore the repository to
work with Gemma models. Project number
18, Claw Chief, workflow manager for
Claude-based coding agents. Claw Chief
is an open-source orchestration tool
designed for Claude-style coding agent
workflows. It helps manage tasks, tool
calls, and multi-step execution loops
for code-focused AI assistants.
Developers use it to coordinate complex
coding tasks across structured
workflows. This helps teams build more
controlled AI coding systems. Explore
the repository to orchestrate coding
agents. Project number 19, Bad Claude,
experimental adversarial Claude prompt
workflows. Bad Claude is an open-source
experimental project that explores
adversarial and unusual prompt workflows
for Claude-style systems. It focuses on
testing behavior, edge cases, and prompt
resilience through controlled
experiments. Developers and researchers
use it to study failure modes and
robustness. This helps teams better
understand prompt vulnerabilities.
Explore the repository to test prompt
behavior. Project number 20, Code Eland,
collaborative coding and sandbox
environment. Code Eland is an
open-source collaborative coding
environment that combines sandboxed
execution with shared development
workflows. It allows developers to
write, run, and iterate on code inside
isolated environments while
collaborating with others. The platform
supports rapid experimentation and
educational workflows. This helps teams
build and share coding environments more
easily. Explore the repository to create
collaborative sandboxes. Thanks for
watching. See you in the next update.